    I am writing to inquire into the availability of an internship position with Green Mountain Power for the summer of 2009.  I am a recent graduate from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where I received a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science, and will be embarking upon a Master of Sciece degree program at the University of Vermont this fall.  I am currently seeking full time employment in the Burlington area for the summer, leading potentially to part time employment during the academic year.

    I am a strong programmer with experience in both academic research and real world development.  I am a highly motivated individual with a strong interest in software design and wish to continue to grow my experience through real world problem solving.  I believe my eagerness to learn along with my academic and practical experience will enable me to make a valuable contribution to Green Mountain Power.  I very much look forward to the opportunity to contribute in the area of software development or in any way I can provide value.

    Please see my attached resume for a more comprehensive overview of my background and other qualifications.  Should you need any additional information, I can be reached on my cell phone at (802) 282-8205, during the day or during the evening.  I can also be reached by e-mail at farmanb@gmail.com.  I am available for an interview or discussion at your convenience and I will be available to begin work on a full time basis by late May.  Thank you for your consideration.  I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,

Blake A. Farman

    I am writing to inquire about an internship position for the summer of 2008.  I am a recent graduate from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, where I received my Bachelor of Science in Computer Science.  I will be entering into a Masters Degree program at the University of Vermont this fall and I am interested in finding I am very interested in working in an environment where I can apply my strong computer science and applied mathematics background to solving real-world problems.

    I am a strong programmer with a rich background in mathematics and I have had some experience both in research and real world development during the past four summers.  I have taken a strong interest in both computational mathematics and software design and wish to continue to grow my experience.  I believe my eagerness to learn along with my academic and practical experience will enable me to make a valuable contribution to your company.  

    Please see my attached resume for a more comprehensive overview of my background and other qualifications.  Should you need any additional information, I can be reached on my cell phone at (802) 282-8205, during the day or during the evening.  I can also be reached by e-mail at farmanb@gmail.com.  I am available for an interview or discussion at your convenience and I will be available to begin work on a full time basis by May 25.  Thank you for your consideration.  I look forward to hearing from you.

Sincerely,

Blake A. Farman
